town winger Anthony Pilkington has
helped bring town closer to promotion
after scoring 14 goals for the club this
season but Pilkington scoring streak was
cruelly halted when his leg was broken
in a freak challenge against rochdale
last month now Anthony talks about the
injury and towns chances of promotion
with him on the sidelines yeah just I
don't I was just one of those things i
went to block across and my legs got
tangled tangled up in in their left
backs in between his legs and I think
his body weights just fell on me at him
you know my ankles just got stuck
underneath him and know he's up ended up
you know breaking my leg and dislocated
my ankle at first I didn't really feel
any pain I just I just looked to put my
my leg and I just saw that it was
pointing the wrong way my fault was
pointing the wrong way sober and I think
it was just a shock more than anything
and then you know the lads came over and
then you know I just remember Peter
Clark just talking to me and just just
staying with me all the time and it done
really well to be fair overnight I
stayed in hottest feel royal and then I
got moved to Manchester spire hospital
where I was malleable yeah yeah where I
was met by a mr. Polly who operated on
you know Valencia's injury anomaly
Aerosmith's believe he's operating quite
a few things yeah I think you're
supposed to be the top you know that the
top man for doing it so I was really
lucky to get him to him to do the
surgery on me so yeah I'm really pleased
we've always gone the issue is actually
giving you more time to spend with your
child has fun yeah I think that's the
only em that's the only plus point
really yeah I get to spend more time at
home you know my family but um it's a it
does put a smile back on your face you
know seeing them but am I do miss
playing football people were frustrated
cause you had a sensational sees as hell
that's it for this disease and possibly
some other night yeah well you know the
club doing really well and we're looking
to get promoted and you know I mean
played more to the season and don't
quite well I'm just disappointed that
kind of
now kind of the lads across the across
the finish line and I got all these s
proper gases developers I don't like me
yeah and I did first blood Switzer and I
talked on it's all gone was it just that
every base of the scandalous photos okay